[MUSIC]
Hello and welcome back, in this video,
I'll be showing you how to read and write
using the binding files, so a binding file
could be anything that's not a text file
basically so a video, or an image, like a
jpeg is what we're going to be
using in this example, so if we use the
same code as what we had previously.
We're going to change bits of it around,
and
so, the file we're going to open is called
keyboard.
And it's got bucket, or boken, what I
meant to call it, dot JPG.
And we're going to read that, but we need
it to be read binary, so we do rb.
And now also, we're going to save it.
We're not going to save it as a text file,
we're going to save this as image 2.jpg.
And we're going to say write it using wb
for write to binary.
So what we can see here is we currently
are
reading the buffer size as being 100,000,
the buffer limit of being.
And then we in, we can delete that, we
don't need that.
We're not limiting it, we're going to
provide the entire image otherwise it
would corrupted
and then, right here, we've got the while
len buffer, so that's all exactly the
same.
So, what we are going to do I'll quickly
show you
what the image is that we're going to be
looking at.
First things first, the image is a JPEG
file.
It's three megabytes-ish, and it's 4608
pixels by 3072 pixels.
It was taken on my DSLR camera back in
Chris, back in December sometime near
Christmas, and so
this is all the exposure details and I'll
click
very fast, and so are mistaken with the
camera.
So, these details will not actually be
re-saved because we
are copying over the, special, data in
which we are.
So, it will be sent over, because we are
copying
all the file data and not just the actual
image data.
So, all of the data will be sent,
including all of the,
dimension the camera make, the club
profiles everything that was saved on it.
If you actually want to access this file
and other of
my images that I've take you have complete
access to them all
and you have the complete right to
actually access and use
for what ever you want as long as you
don't sell them.
You can go to my google plus page.
And there's a link in my profile on udemy
and also on,
if you want to use the any of my images,
for any
reason, such as to experiment and play
around with this idea with.
Or even to use them in projects or
whatever, you can go
to my Google Plus page, which is
g+.2/bowersbros, and you'll be able to
find them all on there, and they're all
creative common so you
can use them as you like, as long as you
don't sell them.
And this one, which we'll be using in the
example,
will be provided for you, and it looks
like this.
So, this is the image in which we are.
Going to be using it's just a picture of
my laptop basically,
but it has quite a lot of data within it,
like I said it's a 4600 by 3000 pixels so
it's quite a big image
and so it allows us to, have quite a large
data, set to go on.
Which is, turns out to be 3 megabytes,
roughly.
So, what we kind of do now, is, if we save
this, and if we run this,
you'll see that we've got a lot of dots,
and then
if we refresh over here, and if I open up
this.
Now as you can see, we bit incompletely,
now this turns out to be quite
a bit bigger, so there we go, and the
reason why i, it on the screen
is because the window is actually bigger
than the recording area, however the image
is
pixel perfect, it stay actually the same
in way and if I open up the properties.
You can see it's got the same number
of actual bytes, and so it's an exact
replica.
Now, there is one more thing which I
should mention, which is if
we didn't actually write this to a file,
if we just read it,.
So if I was to just treat this as a normal
input file, so
actually what I'll do is create a new
input file and
[BLANK_AUDIO]
So what I'll do is I'll create a new file,
go over here
and create new file, and I'll call this
file two.pui, and what we're going
to do here is we're going to treat it the
same way we
treated the other ones, which is where we
read it as a text file.
And you'll see that we actually get an
error if
we do try that, so file is equal to open,
and it's called keyboard bokeh .jpg, now
if we save that,.
We need to do, the, for line in
file print line end equal to empty string.
So if we run that.
[SOUND] Then we get, there's something
called an ASCII decode
error, or a Unicode decode error, and what
that means is
basically that it's an image file and it's
trying to read
it as a text file, which obviously,
[SOUND] it can't do.
So, now if we add it to read as binary, we
use an [INAUDIBLE].
And if we run it again, and what you get
is this string here which is sort of
hexadecimal, I think.
I'm not entirely sure what it is,
basically
that's the image data that has been saved,
still being read, but that's the data that
has been saved
in terms of an image, and if you were to
save that.
As a text file, that is what you would
get.
You wouldn't get it.
Or if you [UNKNOWN] to write it without it
being written in binary, that is what
you'd be writing.
So when you write in binary that gets
converted back into pixels.
So that is essentially what we are reading
and
writing is a series of what looks like
strange characters.
And, which actually is the image data
also.
And decode, and encoded, and, I think
that's on page 64.
I'm not entirely sure on that, so don't
quote me on that.
But, that is basically the image data, as
it's being, stored.
And in binary.
So thank you for watching and I will see
you in the next video.
[MUSIC]